now it came to pass in the seventh month
that Ishmael the son of Nathania the son
of Alicia mer of the royal family and of
the officers of the King came with ten
men to get a liar the son of a hikin at
Misbah and there they ate bread together
in Mizpah then Ishmael the son of
Nathania
and the ten men who were with him ropes
and strut get alive the son of a hiker
and the son of shaphan with the sword
and killed him
whom the king of Babylon had made
governor over the land
Ishmael also struck down all the Jews
who were with him that is with get a
liar at Mizpah and the Chaldeans were
found there the man of war and it
happened on the second day after he had
killed get a liar when as yet no one
knew it the certain men came from
Shechem from Shiloh and from Sumeria 80
men with their beard shaved and their
clothes torn having cut themselves with
offerings and incense in their hand to
bring them to the house of the Lord
now Ishmael the son of Nathania went out
from mr. to meet them weeping as he went
along and it happened as he'd happened
that he said to them come to get a liar
the son of a hiker
so it was when they came into the midst
of the city that Ishmael the son of
Nathania killed them and cast them into
the midst of a pit he and the men who
will with him but ten men were found
among them who said to Ishmael do not
kill us for we have treasures of wheat
barley oil and honey in the field so he
desisted and did not kill them among
their brethren now the pit into which
Ishmael had cast all the dead bodies of
the men whom he had slain because of
Gadol ayah was the same one ASA the king
had made for fear of bear Shah king of
Israel Ishmael the son of Nathania
filled it with the slain the English
male carried away captive all the rest
of the people who were in Mizpah the
Kings daughters and all the people who
remained in Mizpah whom nevers a Raiden
the captain of the guard had committed
to get a liar the son of a hika me and
Ishmael the son of Nathania carried them
away captive and departed to go over to
the ammonites
but when johanna the son of korea and
all the captains of the forces that were
with him heard of all the evil that
Ishmael the son of Nathaniel had done
they took all the men and went to fight
with Ishmael the son of Nathania and
they found him by the great pool that is
in Gibeon so it was and all the people
who were with Ishmael saw johanan the
son of Korea and all the captains of the
forces who were with him that they were
glad then all the people whom Ishmael
had carried away captive from Misbah
turned around and came back and went to
Jahannam the son of Korea
but Ishmael the son of Nathania escaped
from Gehenna
with eight men and went to the ammonites
then johanan the son of Korea and all
the captains of the forces that were
with him took from Mizpah all the rest
of the people whom he had recovered from
Ishmael the son of Nathaniel after he
had murdered get a liar the son of a
Hyken the mighty man of war and the
women and the children and the eunuchs
whom he had brought back from Gibeon and
they departed and dwelt in the
habitation of Kim ham which is near
Bethlehem as they went on their way to
Egypt because of the Chaldeans for they
were afraid of them because Ishmael the
son of Nathania had murdered get a liar
the son of a Hyken whom the king of
Babylon had made governor in the land
[Music]